### Financial businesses

Any business foundation is trustworthiness. When it comes to financial businesses like microfinance taking deposits from people, in terms of giving them interest. But mainly, there is a risk of failure in these businesses and there is a history of people giving up and being hopeless to pay back the depositors.  But if you want **to be successful in business in the long term, keep your word**. Even when the business fails, you need to be committed to pay back the depositors in a fair manner. When you find such people, support them with your full financial strength.  

Seeing all these people running way, by dropping everything when they could not handle the losses in business. And in some cases, intentionally running away with all the money. The effect on the depositors, in this case, is devastating in multiple ways. First, they lose the money they earned. Second, the imaginary money in terms of interest rate is also lost. At the minimum, the fixed deposits interest rate or the inflation rate of the money is lost. Third, the most significant effect is, their future plans are now just blown away in one moment. The amount of mental weakness caused by these events is carried for more extended periods. They essentially dent the mental strength badly for making the wrong decision of trusting this person with their hard-earned money.

People as they grow old, they don’t trust anyone in these businesses which promise reasonable interest rates. They tend to put their money on banks as fixed deposits, even when the interest rate is less than half of what these people promise outside. 

But these days, even the banks are becoming questionable about the depositors' money. With the wrong influential structures in place of the society, the banks are lending money in large amounts and these people intentionally not paying back. These are making the banks vulnerable. These influential structures which make the banks vulnerable must be systematically ironed out to lay a solid foundation for people to trust banks and to make it a successful business. Collectively we all are losing money to these rouges, in the process of government spending our collective tax money on these failing banks.

If everyone is trustworthy, that they keep their words. It would be a win-win for both the people who lend and who take. When you lend money, you get a decent interest and the person who is taking will also get for a lower interest rate. The funds' availability will be higher. So people can do business that yields money in the long run. Rather than trying to run a business that promises high returns in the short term, but the probability of it becoming a reality is very small. Or which are not sustainable when it scales. 

The dynamics of business and the availability of funds will be entirely different.  When you can both get decent interest for your money and lower interest rates of pay to try out businesses for a longer run. Many people will be successful and people will enjoy the returns of their work. There will be no takers for the funds which have interest rates. That is inherently designed to push you into a cycle of just meeting the interest payments every month for a long period. Parasite model businesses will perish.

