# Perceived 

How do people perceive? People are habituated to specific patterns. Based on your past behavior, they create some conclusions patterns. When they see you doing it again, they feel with the pre-defined conclusion they have created earlier. This is specific to a person.

But in the same way, there are some social patterns with conclusions. Someone goes to work 5 days a week and taking care of things at home on 2 days of the weekend. Is a standard temple that you come across multiple people. It’s a reality. That a typical setup, which no one questions. They accept it as a norm. Now when you question it and restructure the standard arrangement for earning for a living. It isn't straightforward for people to perceive. They need to put a lot of effort to understand you when you don’t do anything else. But when you can surprise them by making the other feel and have a pleasant experience,  along with this new structure. It will trigger them to think, why not? Why not have a different fabric? And achieve the same things that everyone does. Have a different structure and also have the things that you want to have in the process. Without in comparison with others 

Always be cautious of how do people perceive? It’s worth asking this question in every situation and guessing how people perceive it. Same goes with what you say? How do people pereive your words?

When you are perceived as a valuable person for the company, then you are treated with respect. The same goes for family members. When they perceive you as an invaluable person in their life, they respect you and want to have your presence.