# Achiever mindset
When I see my friend Arjuna, the way he executes the things, it breaks many of default notions that we have in software development.

When we develop software, we expect there will be some bugs in the fresh code that we have written. But surprisingly testing team has found it hard to find even a single bug in Arjuna’s code. Which he has written in tight schedule and a lot of code has been committed. 

There is a systematic process that he follows. He thinks about the end to end flow. **Everything has a life cycle**. How a piece of data originates and how it flows through different components and how it ends. What is the responsibility of each module? How each module interacts with other modules? What is the life cycle of a module? What is the life cycle of a resource that is allocated for a specific process by the OS? A small example is when you allocate a piece of memory, how do you use and when it be freed? This forms the life cycle for this resource, i.e. memory. Similarly when you invoke a function when user queries something, how does the function calls other methods and finally returns? This is the life cycle of using the resource i.e. processor and memory. In everything that we do, we can thing of the lifecycle. This will really help in getting a perspective, which gives more clarity to the way things are happening in the code.

Dividing the task into manageable pieces. When he implements a sub-task, let it be a function. He will write test cases to test the functionality of the function. Once it is satisfied, he will commit. He will use theory of computer science to prove that the written code behaves as expected. He uses invariance rule very well. What is the invariant in the code? Once he makes that it is true. He can be sure it is correct.

Identifying what to be worked on tomorrow and finishing of that one everyday will keep him moving to the next level. The consistent focus on completing the task that is chosen. For this to happen having a clear design of the end to end software and breaking into sub-tasks and clearly writing the objective of each sub-task is the key. He uses Asana to write down the details of the work that needs to be done. Clearly explaining what needs to be done by the team.

Need to get this process in the works that I do.